Old fairy please
You must have a way
Please help me.
At first
The old man advises you not to drink that bowl of floating water
Now you see again
But do you feel happier?
Like you said
Some things are better left unseen
But I don't regret it.
If you go back to the beginning
I will still play in the water kindly
Hey you child
Seventy-seven forty-nine big dreams
It's you who set up Qiqi
Forty-nine swords in exchange for great merit
You saved dozens of lives today
It's a great sword
I can give you an extra dream.
But this move
Will touch the sky
invite disaster
I have to need something
What do you want?
As long as I have everything I can give you
If what the old man wants is
What about your eyes?
Uncle Yan
I will become blind again
Yes, you will become blind.
You are no different from the previous you
So dependent
You can change your life at the same time
cheat the sky
Darkness Chencang
If you don't want to
Forget it.
It's not easy to get your eyes back to light
Cherish everything now
Wait a minute.
I would.